Okay,
guys,
welcome back.
Now,
you can probably guess where we're going to go with this lecture.
But just for the sake of completeness,
we're going to cover it anyway.
Again,
I've got two rows of numbers here,
and I'm just going to write a simple formula.
I'm gonna say this number multiplied by this number,
but then I'm gonna hit F four once,
and that will give me an absolute a absolute one reference on twice.
And now I'm going to get a absolute one.
And what that means is column The column that this formula will look at will very dependent
on where we've dragged the formula.
But the road number will never move from one.
So what we're gonna do,
hit,
enter,
copy that formula across using control and are on.
Then,
when we look at this formula by hitting F two,
we can see that it's always looking at road one.
So let's just copy that down a few rows,
Control and D And again,
we're in some really big numbers.
So if we hit F two now,
we can see that the B cell,
the one that's relative relative,
just straightforward plane be three as moved down as we've moved the formula around.
But the second part of the formula be absolute.
One has changed a column B because that's a relative reference,
but it is locked.
So if we come over here and his F two,
you can see exactly the same thing.
This reference D four is relative relative.
So whenever we drank the formula,
it is relative to where the formula is looking.
But D absolute one always looks at Row one,
no matter where you dragged the formula because we have the dollar sign in front of the one
.
So that's a relative absolute cell reference.
Okay,
ever play around with it and it will soon become second nature on.
I'll see you soon.
Thanks very much.